Include "Require organization membership" option and update "Allow personal account" copy (#2883)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/guides/organizations/configure.mdx

1. In the Clerk Dashboard, navigate to the [**Organizations Settings**](https://dashboard.clerk.com/~/organizations-settings) page.
1. Select **Enable Organizations**.

> 1. In the modal, choose between **Require organization membership** or **Allow personal accounts** based on your decision above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the modal, choose between **Membership required** or **Membership optional** based on your decision above.
```

1. Select the Organization you want to update.
1. In the **Membership limit** section, update the limit for that specific Organization.

> ### Personal Accounts

Reviewer: @alexisintech @SarahSoutoul is this required?
